COVID-Green Space Survey: The survey examined how stay-at-home restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic impacted well-being among university students across the United States. We distributed a digital survey via email through personal networks to postsecondary educational institutions across the country from April 12 to May 15, 2020. During this time, many people in the United States were quarantined in adherence to the state-level shelter-in-place ordinances imposed in March 2020. A total of 71 colleges and universities across 46 states were represented among survey participants (n=1130) who completed a majority of the survey (Maurer and Cook et al., 2021). Survey questions included assessments of well-being, including perceived effects of nature; outdoor activities, including type and frequency; and risk in relation to COVID-19. Survey questions, coding, and anonymized data attached. COVID-Green Space Interview: Interviews investigated whether participants experienced new encounters with the more-than-human, whether they were attaching new or increased meaning to these encounters, and whether these encounters introduced potential transformations in more-than-human relationships. Participants discussed challenges with mental health, living situations, time spent outside, or other disruptions that might be occurring due to the pandemic. Interview protocol attached. As the interview data contains sensitive personal information of the participants, this data will be made available upon request.

